Minecraft
the other day I was ready by twitter and
I put that if Fernando Torres put him goal
al madrid would go back to upload minecraft
so you do not know it a long time ago
uploaded an olympus craft
michu recommend colombia is because it is
the laughter I 'll leave it here in the
description then what do you do that day
he did not score then the week
following the return match returned to
remember that tweet because 40 seconds took
the bastard in scoring goal and then over
put another good one my twitter threw fire
but calm that I fulfill my
promises I never talked about two videos but
you are going to have this week I would enter
see what comes out since I have a lot of people
with which to play but today you
I want to show what was my first time
in the minecraft I did not want to upload it by
shame since I did not know how to do
absolutely nothing I had never seen
a video of the game this and it was all a
fucking disaster is the video with the most likes
of the entire secondary channel so the
most have not seen it then nothing
this week I will try to get on another
minecraft video I hope you like it and
do not be too much of me bastards not in
serious I say let see the view play
this
because they keep sad topics
of entry so go back to the departure of my
first time my first steps in this
weather
there's a guy here who goes with a hood
from pikachu I think uncle uncle this is a
premonition
look look look but because I think I think
that goes disguised 7 or goes of pikachu nothing
more enter I can paste it or something
nothing
I'm better not remembering better
the sr
position
tree
to do where I'm going
follow me
well, it's already sneaked in that's why
what happens by ready
ole
uff
one
but step by step
and that I'm not going to ever happen
and you're looking for the contact lenses or what if
you are looking for you contact lenses
but makes the jumps with that excess
the piramid
uy
from here it seems the simplest of
world
this got us to transport to a
kind of start with the game of
hungry you have to wait ok
there are the bunkers of arms
it's worth there then you have to go running
things and catch I know where you are
I dressed in front of you
come on the hawks and as for the
games cartons falcons we left
running to it behind you there
an exit and you have to flee
and come on we go here for transportation I said
I lost myself I 'm going to others of you
giving all the medals
I'm going
up the ass in the ass
I do not know where you are hiding as a
bitch I stop here is in a tree
for dinner
321 code
when I put you
let's see this shit powers with the
that nothing
here protects
here inside
what is this
leaving quiet sons of bitches
this is one of the days
we can not compete against this and if you
you came I lost you because you have to go
behind me have peace
horses
everyone running around swimming and you can not
go up said I'm left alone
at the end in the water to have water
in water
I'm here, I'm only uncle, he knows the voice
is the omi in turn jumps
not subjective the season
and sent it to the shot since it had
delayed to wear the head
you wear a helmet and ethan two dudes
Right
behind the tree this
I had
God awaits me for me
underwater